Updates to topics for MW UI changes. (#427)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/mobile-wallet/shield-unshield-mw.rst

#. Go to the **Accounts** page.

#. Tap the **Balance** area of the account you want to transfer CCD from or tap |moredetails|.

#. If the **Shield** button and **Shielded balanace** tab are not visible, tap the |hamburger| menu in the upper right corner.

> #. Tap **Show shielded balance on account name**. Now the Account card contains tabs for both **Balance** and **Shielded Balance** and a **Shield** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Tap **Show shielded balance on account name**. Now the totals area contains tabs for both **Balance** and **Shielded Balance** and a **Shield** button.
```

Accunt card usually refers to the cards on the account overview page, where you can see all your accounts. I'm not sure if "totals area" is better though.

#. Go to the **Accounts** page.

#. Tap the **Balance** area of the account you want to transfer CCD from or tap |moredetails|.

>    - If the **Shield** button and **Shielded balanace** tab are not visible, tap the |hamburger| menu in the upper right corner. Tap **Show shielded balance on account name**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the **Shield** button and **Shielded balance** tab are not visible, tap the |hamburger| menu in the upper right corner. Tap **Show shielded balance on account name**.
```

#. Now the totals area contains tabs for both **Balance** and **Shielded Balance** and a **Shield** button.

      .. image:: ../images/mobile-wallet/MW32.png
         :width: 25%

#. Tap **Shield**.

> #. Enter the amount you want to move to the shielded balance.

Reviewer: Could be we should add an extra reminder for people to not shield too much here

#. Go to the **Accounts** page.

> #. Tap the account you want to transfer CCD from or tap |moredetails|, and tap the **Shielded balance** area of the account card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Tap the account you want to unshield CCD on or tap |moredetails| on the account card.

#. If the Shielded balance is already shown, press the Shielded balance tab.
```

   #. If the **Shield** button and **Shielded balanace** tab are not visible, tap the |hamburger| menu in the upper right corner.

>    #. Tap **Show shielded balance on account name**. Now the Account card contains tabs for both **Balance** and **Shielded Balance** and a **Shield** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Tap **Show shielded balance on account name**. Now the totals area contains tabs for both **Balance** and **Shielded Balance** and a **Shield** button.
   
   #. If you are not on the shielded balance, press the **Shielded balance** tab.
```

Same comment as above.

   All transfers and transactions cost a fee, including shielding and unshielding transactions. The fee is based on the set NRG for that transaction and the current exchange rate.
   The cost of transaction fees is stable in Euros, and therefore the price in CCD varies depending on the CCD to EUR exchange rate. The fee will always be deducted from the **Balance** of the account, so it is important to have some available CCDs to cover fees.
   You can see the fee in the transaction log.

.. Note::

>    You can hide the shielded balance when finished to prevent accidental shielding or to protect your privacy. In the Account page tap the |hamburger| menu and tap **Hide shielded balance for account name**. This removes the shielded balance tab and the Shield button from the accounts view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can hide the shielded balance when finished to prevent accidental shielding. In the Account page tap the |hamburger| menu and tap **Hide shielded balance for account name**. This removes the shielded balance tab and the Shield button from the accounts view. Note that the shielded balance still exists on the account, it is just not shown in the interface.
```
